# Unity-Position-Logger-Demo
Example world with script to write out the locations of two tracked objects

This project contains an empty world, which should have 2 objects in the scene entitled "Main:" "CameraRig" which is the SteamVR prefab for tracked headset and controllers, and "DataLogger" which holds the script that does the tracking. On selecting "DataLogger" you will see several fields in the inspector-- One can change "Folder Name" and "File Name" to change the save location (it will auto-generate a new filename for each log with a time-stamp appended to "file name"). The other two, "Object 1" and "Object 2" are the objects whose positions will be written out in the file. I have set them in the inspector as the two children of CameraRig, "Camera" and "Controller (right)" but they can be set to any object one desires.  This is detailed in the comments of the DataLogger script. Once the script is running, hitting the spacebar begins and ends the recording (can be easily changed if desired, for example if you wanted to trigger recording for like, 200 frames after a certain event in the gameplay).

To use: download as zip, open folder as project in Unity. Navigate to the "Main" scene in the Assets folder. Run project and hit the spacebar with the game window active to toggle "Start writing" (you can view this variable in the inspector window for the DataLogger object). When desired recording window is finished, hit space again to stop, and end the program to close the file. I have found that it sometimes takes a few moments for Unity to let go of the file once it has stopped.

If you would like to switch this to write out the camera position, camera view matrix, and a target location, attach the script "dataLogger_cameraMatrix.cs" to the DataLogger object in the game hierarchy, and attach the desired camera and target in the inspector.
